Ques 01: What is wireframing?
Ans: Wireframing is a visual representation or blueprint of a web page, app, or user interface that outlines the structure, layout, and basic functionality without delving into design details.
Ques 02: What is mockup?
Ans: A mockup is a high-fidelity visual representation or prototype of a web page, application, or product design. It is typically created after the wireframing stage and is more detailed, providing a closer approximation of the final product's appearance and functionality.
Ques 03: Mention 6 best design websites of the year.
Ans:Lacoste Heritage:
Lacoste Heritage overwhelms the visitor in a pleasing way with big, bold, and engaging imagery. The platform shows off some of the clothing brand’s most popular offerings and provides a seamless browsing experience.

RCA Records:
RCA took some major risks with this website, but the acclaimed label pulled it off. The site is ambitious, interactive, and dynamic. It features a fast-moving image gallery at the top of the home page, highlighting today’s most popular artists and the icons of yesteryear.

Unseen Studio:
Unseen Studio opted for a mix of soft colors and bold text to draw visitors’ attention to core site elements. As users move their cursors around the home page, the screen view shifts slightly. When the cursor passes over the menu text, the lettering changes colors and shimmers.

Hyer:
Hyer greets users with captivating visuals — a sleek private jet slowly transitions from left to right across the user’s screen while they take in the site. The home page also makes good use of negative (i.e., white or blank) space to avoid overwhelming users.

FPP:
The website doesn’t rely on loud colors or hyperbolic imagery but instead incorporates softer tones to create an aesthetically pleasing digital environment and an enjoyable user experience.

Mubasic:
One of the most interesting features of the site is its unique Q&A section. As you scroll down the page, images pop up to accompany each question and answer.

Ques 4: Difference between scripting and programming language?
Ans: Programming languages and scripting languages are both used for writing code to instruct a computer, but they have some differences.
Scripting Language: Scripting languages are primarily used for automating tasks, writing scripts to perform specific actions, and enabling the automation of processes. They are often used in situations where the emphasis is on ease of use, rapid development, and automating repetitive tasks.

Programming Language: Programming languages, on the other hand, are used for more general-purpose software development. They are employed to create a wide range of applications, from system-level software, complex desktop or web applications, to databases and large-scale software projects. 

Ques 05: What is ECMA and its version?
Ans: ECMA (European Computer Manufacturers Association) ECMAScript is the standardized scripting language specification that serves as the foundation for JavaScript and other similar scripting languages.
ECMAScript 5 (ES5) is a significant version of the ECMAScript programming language, which serves as the standardized specification for JavaScript,released in 2009.
